content/workshops-and-clinics/september-2020-data-lab-leads-meeting-1.md, before:

+++
Extra_link_1 = "https://worldbankgroup-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/hkrambeck_worldbank_org/Eadu7R6xNOpBtzNwc1Av_8AB02KiA5LxjbBPd6-r2spxPA?e=xZJKjz"
Extra_link_2 = ""
Image_path = "https://worldbankgroup-my.sharepoint.com/:b:/g/personal/hkrambeck_worldbank_org/EdkgwDe8GThBt-2YqTUHzq8Bv3jxEEgIkcKZmOGM9K7YGQ?e=6QPSwt"
Slides_path = "https://worldbankgroup-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/g/personal/hkrambeck_worldbank_org/ERUyGo9RnU1AlYQDla7iFg8BcdCRtXZNLSJRlqAb6XlbUg?e=Rba8gs"
Video_path = "https://teams.microsoft.com/l/message/19:014d4754d30d4e3cb1e514ca83d42eef@thread.tacv2/1599659460241?tenantId=31a2fec0-266b-4c67-b56e-2796d8f59c36&groupId=5cfe0e01-cb4d-4152-a93b-294efa5cb0ed&parentMessageId=1599659460241&teamName=SD%20Remote%20Project%20Preparation%20and%20Supervision%20-%20WB%20Group&channelName=BBLs&createdTime=1599659460241"
date = 2020-09-07T04:00:00Z
draft = true
scheduled_date = 2020-09-07T04:00:00Z
title = "September 2020: Data Lab Leads Meeting"
workshop_types = ["Lab Leads Meeting"]

+++
Agenda:

* ROADSHOW! Lab Leads take the Data Lab on the road, presenting a round-up of Year 1 activities to the SD Remote Supervision Team
* Transitioning from an SD to a World Bank DataLab -> Discussion

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Claudia Calderon updated content/workshops-and-clinics/september-2020-data-lab-leads-meeting-1.md

content/workshops-and-clinics/september-2020-data-lab-leads-meeting-1.md, after:

+++
Extra_link_1 = "https://worldbankgroup-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/hkrambeck_worldbank_org/Eadu7R6xNOpBtzNwc1Av_8AB02KiA5LxjbBPd6-r2spxPA?e=xZJKjz"
Extra_link_2 = ""
Image_path = "https://worldbankgroup-my.sharepoint.com/:b:/g/personal/hkrambeck_worldbank_org/EdkgwDe8GThBt-2YqTUHzq8Bv3jxEEgIkcKZmOGM9K7YGQ?e=6QPSwt"
Slides_path = "https://worldbankgroup-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/g/personal/hkrambeck_worldbank_org/ERUyGo9RnU1AlYQDla7iFg8BcdCRtXZNLSJRlqAb6XlbUg?e=Rba8gs"
Video_path = "https://teams.microsoft.com/l/message/19:014d4754d30d4e3cb1e514ca83d42eef@thread.tacv2/1599659460241?tenantId=31a2fec0-266b-4c67-b56e-2796d8f59c36&groupId=5cfe0e01-cb4d-4152-a93b-294efa5cb0ed&parentMessageId=1599659460241&teamName=SD%20Remote%20Project%20Preparation%20and%20Supervision%20-%20WB%20Group&channelName=BBLs&createdTime=1599659460241"
date = 2020-09-07T04:00:00Z
scheduled_date = 2020-09-07T04:00:00Z
title = "September 2020: Data Lab Leads Meeting"
workshop_types = ["Lab Leads Meeting"]

+++
In this meeting, the roadmap from the Data Lab was presented including what's coming, the organization and structure as well as the round-up of Year 1 activities. Lab Leads also discussed the transition from SD to a World Bank DataLab.
